Add spinner page (#1485)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/spinner.mdx

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AnnounceSpinnerExample,
  SpinnerExample,
  ListSpinnerExample,
  ContentSpinnerExample,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/spinner/SpinnerExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/spinner?theme=hpe"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/feIeYk1zX36y9E7e7rprc2/HPE-Loading-Indicator-Component?node-id=0%3A1"
>
  <SpinnerExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Loading Spinners are used to notify the user that an action is being processed. 
This reassures the user that something is occuring and will be provided shortly. 

Progress circles help the user to show the progression of a system operation (downloadnig, uploading, processing, etc) visually. 
### When to use Spinner

Use a spinner when an action requires a short time to process (downloadnig, uploading, processing, etc).
When loading more information into a table or list a spinner should be used.

### Accessibility

> In order for a spinner to be accessible we need to provide a [message](https://v2.grommet.io/spinner#message) that will be announced for screen readers. 

Reviewer: Is there any default message that Grommet provides? If no, then it feels like we should add a message on all of our examples to be accessible.

Author: There is no default message. I did provide a message for every example. I think it may be good if we have an option to do this in the theme in case someone forgets to provide the message prop. @ShimiSun would adding a default message in the theme be something you would be open to adding in grommet

Reviewer: Chatted with Shimi on this. This message is most valuable when the message is specific to an application's use case, as opposed to something general. Given that, we don't need to add a default message in the theme at this time. Additionally, we can remove the messages from the examples that aren't the "announcement" one.

Author: thank you for clarifying

## Variants

> A spinner is flexable to used and should be used to give verifcation to the user that something is happening upon their request. 

Reviewer: Suggestion to replace: A spinner can be used in various ways to indicate to the user that a task is in process.

> ### A spinner announcement on screen reader 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Spinner with announcement on screen reader 
```

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/spinner/AnnounceSpinnerExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/spinner?theme=hpe"
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
>
  <AnnounceSpinnerExample />
</Example>

> ### A spinner within a list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Spinner within a list
```

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/spinner/ListSpinnerExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/spinner?theme=hpe"

>   height={{ min: 'small' }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
  template
```
This should allow the List to take the full width of the container

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AnnounceSpinnerExample,
  SpinnerExample,
  ListSpinnerExample,
  ContentSpinnerExample,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/spinner/SpinnerExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/spinner?theme=hpe"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/feIeYk1zX36y9E7e7rprc2/HPE-Loading-Indicator-Component?node-id=0%3A1"
>
  <SpinnerExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Loading Spinners are used to notify the user that an action is being processed. This reassures the user of the system status. 

Loading spinners can be presented in various sizes depending on the context in which the spinner is being used.

For fast processes (less than 300ms), a spinner may not be required. However, for a process that may take time, a spinner should be used.

### When to use Spinner

- When fetching data or content, where the expected response time is greater than ~300ms.
- When loading more information into a Table or List.

### Accessibility

> For additional clarity for screen reader users, provide a [message](https://v2.grommet.io/spinner#message) to the spinner that would explain to the user what kind of content is being loaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional clarity for screen reader users, provide a [message](https://v2.grommet.io/spinner#message) to the spinner that would explain to the user that the content had been loaded.
```
We can also add the support for a message as an object of `{start: ... , end: ....}` that allows announcing a message when the component had loaded and when it finished loading. https://v2.grommet.io/spinner#message

Reviewer: Sounds good I will update the copy.
